drama battalion
watch it MTD dreaming batter cipher up
on b.e.t tell my mom that's me sitting
VIP 18 worldwide till I di e cuz the1
one is going on everybody my name is
Kayla Mike stayin in today's video girls
i'm gonna be showing your brand new
Optima on EXO survival on the new deals
infection we want to do is make sure you
come to this area here jump on top of
this big glide block I know we want to
do this way for zombie to come up and
double jump on the sunbed and in double
jump up from the zombie on top of this
little ledge from here then goes all you
want to do is aim for this area here on
top of that pole you just want to jump
push forward jump and that's going to
land you on top of this poll from there
then what we gonna do then is double
jump up on top of the extra building
from there you can etch go under the
seat underneath the map go on top of the
actual building and go all the way over
to Burger town I just wanna give a big
shout-out to Zed Selig lectures for
providing me somebody's footage their
legs will be in the description
including on screen I just want to say
links will be in the scripture for the
founder and always goes it has been
channel mates good big cat at ug pc and
i'm out by
I
swam trying to get a Grammy dedicated to
my granny test so this can make a little
sense to my family explaining what my
planners they got trouble understanding
explaining what I do got me explaining
the internet so you give this up a
breeze on you should be cashing checks
ain't that simple this the world of
digital that pitiful get a fan base
behind you it could be pivotal these
days music has never been more
competitive compared me to myself cuz i
dont fuck for comparison's you wanna be
the next one find that shit embarrassing
aim to be the best you that's what all
the legends did shots the Dylan John
land and Kurt big pocket Hendrix nice am
gay Jake all I didn't mention it's a
long road but I'm fighting for the top
hope one day to be included in those
names I drop